When you're managing people you always want to praise in public and criticize in private.
Okay? There's nothing more demeaning than
being criticized by your boss in front of your coworkers.
It's happened to me multiple times in the past,
and so I've learned a lot how not to manage by working for the wrong people.
And I've worked for the right people more often than not.
But you always want to praise in public and criticize in private.
And you always want to approach your boss and
ask her or him for feedback every three months or so.
How am I doing? How am I doing?
In that way you won't wake up one day and get let go.
For example, if you always know where you stand,
you always ask for feedback,
then you're always on the right track.
And what I've done often is,
you'll never get promoted unless you ask to be promoted.
You'll never get a raise, unless you ask get a raise.
Remember the "Steve Jobs Ask" video?
So, you have to ask to get promoted and how do you do this?
Well, you sit down with your boss and you ask her or him,
"What do I need to be considered for promotion or the next level?"
And they'll tell you.
And you create a list of those items and once you achieve them,
just very politely sit down with them and say,
"I've achieved all these milestones that we spoke about.
Can I please get a promotion or can I please get a raise".
Because I promise you, if you don't ask for
a raise or you don't ask for a promotion - you'll never get it.